feat: "make sure things work" step (#35)
HiveHQ/HiveSdkDocs: source/index.html.md

SDK commands fired after <code>init</code> but before a Contact is linked (via a "signup" command or determined from a previous browsing session) are "buffered", and will not propagate into Hive until the correct Contact is identified. This includes automated commands such as page view tracking. As soon as a Contact is linked, all buffered commands will be "flushed" into Hive and that Contact's interaction history
</aside>

## 5 - Confirm your implementation

> Interact with Events on your site, and confirm they show in the "interactions" list of your Contact Profile page. Note again that these interactions will be buffered until one of the "signup" commands has been processed. You'll also want to confirm that any Signup/Popup forms or Landing Pages are submitting correctly by checking for them in your interaction history.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Interact with Events on your site using a test email, and confirm the new "online interactions" show up on the contact's profile page in Hive. You can find this profile page by searching for the test contact on the Contact List page and clicking on the result row.
```

Reviewer: Maybe explaining that "these interactions will be buffered" is not helpful and we should just say:
```suggestion
Note that these interactions may take several minutes to be processed and display on the contact profile page.
```

Author: interaction buffering is explained in detail just before this diff
